# RITA: Automatic Framework for Designing of Resilient IoT Applications
This repository has the code and dataset used in the paper: RITA: Automatic Framework for Designing of Resilient IoT Applications.

# Abstract
Designing resilient Internet of Things (IoT) systems requires i) identification of IoT Critical Objects (ICOs) such as services, devices, and resources, ii) threat analysis, and iii) mitigation strategy selection. However, the traditional process for designing resilient IoT systems is still manual, leading to inefficiencies and increased risks. In addition, while tools such as ChatGPT could support this manual and highly error-prone process, their use raises concerns over data privacy, inconsistent outputs, and internet dependence. Therefore, we propose RITA, an automated, open-source framework that uses a fine-tuned
RoBERTa-based Named Entity Recognition (NER) model to iden- tify ICOs from IoT requirement documents, correlate threats, and recommend countermeasures. RITA operates entirely offline
and can be deployed on-site, safeguarding sensitive information and delivering consistent outputs that enhance standardization. In our empirical evaluation, RITA outperformed ChatGPT in four of seven ICO categories, particularly in actuator, sensor, network resource, and service identification, using both human-annotated and ChatGPT-generated test data. These findings indicate that RITA can improve resilient IoT design by effectively supporting key security operations, offering a practical solution for developing robust IoT architectures.

# Video on how to use the platform
A vídeo of how to use the platform can be found [here](https://z2tmmi7gluiwrwhi.anvil.app/UCOFWNH4K7EQ764VLMWPQ4QY).

# DEMO
A demo of the application can be found [here](https://z2tmmi7gluiwrwhi.anvil.app/UCOFWNH4K7EQ764VLMWPQ4QY).

# How to install locally
The local installation will be done using dockerhub images.

# Example of report generated by the platform


# Repository file structure
The dataset can be found in `Dataset/Dataset.csv`.


# Empirical evaluation
The empirical evaluation was done using a dashboard, which can be found [here](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1HwF4ugGoeMJudVAE3xCAkDk_m9fBt1qV1TElV7ACx1E/edit?usp=sharing).

# Model download
The trained model can be downloaded from [here]().