# How to Generate Phrases for the Resource Category.

## Resource Definition & Examples
Resources are any computational elements that can be used to retrieve information generated by an IoT device, or to deliver messages to an IoT device. Computational entities is a vague term. We therefore prefer to say that Resources are any means of storing IoT devices data, or delivering data to IoT devices. Moreover, sources of IoT devic's data that are not builtin an IoT device are also considered Resources, such as external databases.  
Given this, we can give some examples of Resources: IoT device's self storages such as RFID's data storages; Databases; Gateway data Caches;  
Also, some examples of means by which the data is retrieved or delivered, such as APIs, and Protocols are also resources.
Drivers are also resources, since they deliver information to an IoT device, it's usually specific information that regulates how the device is going to be operated, but nevertheless,  
Fiber Optics cables can be used to deliver and receive information, but they are not considered Resources, since they are not computational elements per se, even though data runs through them.
To sum up, any digital artifact that can be used to deliver, fetch or store data.


Heterogeneous, generally system-specific, software
components that store or process data or information
about one or more Physical Entities, or that provide
access to measurements and actuations in the case of
Sensors and Actuators respectively.
Resources are software components that provide data from or are used in the
actuation on Physical Entities. Resources typically have native interfaces. There is a
distinction between On-Device Resources and Network Resources. As the name
suggests, On-Device Resources are hosted on Devices, viz. software that is
deployed locally on the Device that is associated with the Physical Entity. They
include executable code for accessing, processing, and storing Sensor information,
as well as code for controlling Actuators. On the other hand, Network Resources are
Resources available somewhere in the network, e.g., back-end or cloud-based
databases. A Virtual Entity can also be associated with Resources that enable
interaction with the Physical Entity that the Virtual Entity represents.

```


```

## Generating Commercial Examples